*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 7th September 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone (Moderator) |
| Murat Karabulut | T-Mobile US |
| Patrice Conil | Orange | 
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Rub√©n Barrado Gonzalez | Telefonica |
| Randy Levensalor | CableLabs |
| Tanja de Groot | Nokia | 
| Kevin Smith |	Vodafone |
| Jose A Ordonez Lucena | Telefonica |
| Foo Ming Hui | SingTel |
| Johanne Mayer | |
| Pierre Close | |

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Issues<br> [#8](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/8) [#44](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/44) | **Notifications and events format**<br> Two PRs now created, PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) and PR [#56](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/56). Both are required. Please raise any objections or proposed modifications by end of Friday 15th September|
| Issue<br> [#42](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/42) | **ClassName in Mappings section of discriminator**<br> No objections raised during meeting. PR can be prepared. |
| Issue<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) | **Unification of specification of securitySchemes, security and scopes**<br> Proposal should fix Issue [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46). Please comment within the issue if you have any objections or counter-proposals. |
| Issues<br> [#36](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/36) [#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/25) | **API versioning**<br> A method of identifying in the base path different API versions with breaking changes is required. Currently, all APIs have major version 0, even though minor version updates usually introduce breaking changes. Decision is required on whether to adopt a modified API versioning scheme, or introduce a new rule for API base path construction. Some debate within meeting, but no conclusions. Please comment in issues. |
| Issue<br> [#59](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/59) | **Need for 'Test_definitions' folder under 'code'**<br> API test definitions need a defined home within each repository structure. Please comment in issue on this proposal. |

## Open issues not discussed
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
|Issue [#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/10) | Attribute for filtering in GET request - pattern 2 (specific attributes for each parameter) is considered, it was used by [CarrierBillingCheckOut](https://github.com/camaraproject/CarrierBillingCheckOut/pull/96) subproject.|
|Issue [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/31) | RFC 7807 error responses - the format is accepted but the discussion showed that proposed approach can complicate error handling therefore the feedback from End User Council should be considered |

## Issues / PRs that can be closed
- PR [#48](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/48) **Fixed code typos in Design Guidelines section 11.5.1 code sample**
- Issue [#47](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/47) **Typo in Design Guidelines section 11.5.1 code sample**
  - Neither required as fixed by PR #22
- Issue [#14](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/14) **Explictly indicate in guideline that datetime use UTC**
  - PR #55 to be merged

## Issues / PRs closed since last meeting
- Issue [#28](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/28)
- Issue [#29](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/29)
- Issue [#32](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/32)
- PR [#41](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/41)

## PRs that can be merged
- [#54](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/54) **Create MoM-24-08-2023.md**
- [#22](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/22) **doc(Usage of discriminator): Encourage inheritance rather than polymorphism**
- [#55](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/55) **Explicitly indicate use of RFC3339 for DateTime attributes**

## PRs merged since last meeting
- [#49](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/49) **Add reserved word restrictions to API-design-guidelines.md**
- [#50](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/50) **Remove option to use HTTP HEAD from API-design-guidelines.md**
- [#52](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/52) **Create CHANGELOG.md and update README.md for v0.1.0**


## AOB
Next meeting is scheduled for 21st September.

#### Reminder
In order to be active contributor to the Commonalities subproject the subscribtion to the mailing list is needed - please visit https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-com.

Then the invitation to the Commonalities subproject Github repository will be send to the subscribed e-mail address.


