*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 28th September 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Toyeeb Rehman| GSMA|
| Patrice Conil | Orange | 
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Shilpa Padgaonkar|  Deutsche Telekom |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Rub√©n Barrado Gonzalez | Telefonica |
| Jose A Ordonez Lucena | Telefonica |
| Toshi Wakayama| KDDI |
| Tanja de Groot | Nokia | 
| Rajat Kondoi | Ericsson |
| Rajesh Murty|	Gapask |
| Foo Ming Hui | SingTel |
| Pierre Close | |

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| PR [#56](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/56) | **Notifications and events format**<br> PR was was discussed in detail. The discussion was devoted mainly to possible decoupling of subscription type (event model) from notification type imposed by CloudEvents (notification model). There were some improvements suggested by participants. It was agreed that as most suggestions were non-blocking, active contributors will approve the PR and we will merge it by EOW as it blocks 3 subprojects currently. <br> All additional improvement suggestions were asked to be opened as new issues.
| PR [#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57) Issues<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46)| **Unification of scopes, security and securitySchemes in CAMARA**<br>Participants were asked to actively contribute. It was pointed out that [IdentityAndConsentManagement Issue#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/57) should be looked at by participants as it impacts this issue and PR. Once PR is agreed and merged the unification should be applied in subprojects.  |
| Issues<br> [#60](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/60) [#36](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/36) [#25](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/25) [#12](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/12)| **Release management**<br> There are a number of issues with **release-management** label indicating the need to explain the whole process of release management and API versioning.The consolidated issue will be created. Participants are asked to nominate themselves if interested in working on structured activities soon to be started by TSC. |
|Issue [#15](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/15) |  **CAMARA API linting ruleset** <br>The ruleset should be developed for [Spectral](https://meta.stoplight.io/docs/spectral/674b27b261c3c-overview) tool and based on Spectral built-in ["oas" ruleset](https://meta.stoplight.io/docs/spectral/4dec24461f3af-open-api-rules). Please comment within the issue any experience with linting Open API specifications.|



There was no time left to go through other issues and PRs


## PRs that can be merged
- PR [#56](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/56)
**Notifications and events format**



## AOB
Next meeting is scheduled for 25th October.

#### Reminder
In order to be active contributor to the Commonalities subproject the subscribtion to the mailing list is needed - please visit https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-com.

Then the invitation to the Commonalities subproject Github repository will be send to the subscribed e-mail address.


