*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 16th October 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Kevin Smith | Vodafone |
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Patrice Conil | Orange |
| Rub√©n Barrado Gonzalez | Telefonica|
| Pierre Close | ATT |
| Murat Karabulut | TMUS |
| Ravindra Palaskar | Deutsche Telekom |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Toshi Wakayama| KDDI |
| Tanja de Groot | Nokia | 
| Rajesh Mhatre | Starhub | 

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) | **Event Notification using CloudEvents specification**<br> new comments indicating needed changes have beed added. The changes will be introduced before the next call. |
| PR [#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57) Issues<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46)| **Unification of scopes, security and securitySchemes in CAMARA**<br> While the [IdentityAndConsentManagement Issue#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/57) is open the PR is still stopped. |
| PR [#73](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/73) <br> Issue <br> [#70](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/70)| **Improve discovery of Commonalties output documents by API Subprojects**<br> Editorial changes in the PR proposed. Further review needed.|
|   Issue<br> [#65](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/65)     |  **Corrections of API-design-guidelines.md formating and typos**<br> PR expected|
|  Issue<br> [#42](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/42)        | **Usage of ClassName in Mappings section of discriminator**  <br>  PR will be prepared before the next call. | 
|  Issue<br> [#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/10)        | **Filtering results** <br>  PR will be prepared before the next call.  | 
|PR [#74](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/74) <br> Issues <br>  [#15](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/15) [#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/76)|  **CAMARA API linting ruleset** <br> The draft PR will be changed to ready for review. In Issue [#76](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/76) the severity of linting rules is discussed: `Error` level  forces the author to introduce changes, while `warning` can be left without reaction. The integration of ruleset with Github Actions was presented. More comments on proposed rules and proposals of rules to be added to the ruleset are expected. |


## Issues waiting for End User Council opinion 

Issues labeled with `EUC-question` label: <br> Issue [#44](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/44)   **API Design for "Resource-based subscription"**<br> 
Issue [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/31)   **RFC 7807 error responses to allow API consumers to be reminded of the API definition**<br>

## Issues that can be closed 



## PRs that can be merged



## AOB
Next meeting is on 30th of October.
