*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 14th July 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Randy Levensalor | CableLabs |
| Mark Cornall | GSMA |
| Pablo Iglesias Sanuy | Telefonica |
| Riza Hassan | T-Mobile US |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Toshi Wakayama | KDDI |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Ramesh Shanmugasundaram | SpryFoxNetworks |
| Jyrki Penttinen | -- |
| Mark Bales | -- |
| Shilpa Padgaonkar | Deutsche Telekom |

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**

| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Issue [#32](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/32) | Shilpa: Prep to create commonalities release:<br>What would the release version number mean?<br>Which PRs and issues we want to get in the first release?<br>Do we version individual docs<br>Discussion points can be seen in comment here https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/32#issuecomment-1635937937<br>Please provide additional feedback for this issue |
| Issue [#36](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/36) | Randy: New issue to version APIs in a more Kubernetes style format. Please provide feedback here |
| Issue [#8](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/8) | Shilpa: Would like to propose CloudEvents spec as a solution proposal. Members from device status, device location and QoD currently involved with the event subscription topic are requested to look at the proposed solution and provide feedback. This issue will affect almost all subprojects. Kindly provide feedback. |
| Issue [#31](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/31) | Eric: New error response format proposed. Would affect all subprojects. Please provide feedback. |
| Issue 29,28, | Eric: Feedback requested |
| Issue [25](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/25) | Awaiting response from Chris |
| Issue [13](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/13) | Randy: Alligned info object for Camara APIs. Awaiting suggestions |
| Issue [#14](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/14) | Agreement to enforce RFC3339 and adding additional recommendations to the guidelines doc |
| Issues skipped | Some issues were skipped as issue owners were not present for the meeting. |

## Other Discussions

Mark: Where shoud the issue for alignment on authN-authZ flows be added? 
Shilpa: Should be done in Identity and Consent subproject.

## Issues that can be closed

[#7](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/7) 

## PRs that can be merged

[#35](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/35) [#33](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/33) [#23](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/23) [#22](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/22)

## 

## AOB

Next meeting is scheduled on 27th of July.

Meeting on 11th Aug is cancelled for summer break
