*Commonalities Meeting Minutes, 5th October 2023*

## Attendees

| Name | Company |
| ---- | ------- |
| Eric Murray | Vodafone |
| Kevin Smith | Vodafone |
| Ludovic Robert | Orange |
| Murat Karabulut | TMUS |
| Shilpa Padgaonkar|  Deutsche Telekom |
| Rafal Artych | Deutsche Telekom |
| Toshi Wakayama| KDDI |
| Tanja de Groot | Nokia | 
| Rajat Kondoi | Ericsson |
| Foo Ming Hui | SingTel |

## Agenda

* **Review of issues and PRs**
* **AOB**

## Discussion
| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| PR [#43](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/43) | **Event Notification using CloudEvents specification**<br> OAS file needs to be updated to implement changes in API Design Guidelines related to CloudEvents|
| PR [#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/pull/57) Issues<br> [#53](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/53) [#46](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/46)| **Unification of scopes, security and securitySchemes in CAMARA**<br> While the [IdentityAndConsentManagement Issue#57](https://github.com/camaraproject/IdentityAndConsentManagement/issues/57) is open the PR is stopped. |
|Issue<br> [#67](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/67)|**Consolidation Issue for open points release management** <br> Per request of TSC this issue consolidates a number of issues related to Release management (with [release-management](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Arelease-management) label). All interested participants from Commonalities and other subprojects are asked to nominate themself as a contributor or as a reviewer in this issue. During next TSC meeting the work will be structured to address linked issues.|
|   Issue<br> [#65](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/65)     |  **Corrections of API-design-guidelines.md formating and typos**<br> PR should be prepared|
|   Issue<br> [#59](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/59)     |  **Location of API test definitions**<br> PR in Lead Template Repository will be merged |
|  Issue<br> [#10](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/10)        | **Filtering results** <br>  PR should be prepared      | 
|Issue br> [#15](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/15) |  **CAMARA API linting ruleset** <br> Discussion is ongoing in the issue. The draft PR with Spectral built-in ["oas" ruleset](https://meta.stoplight.io/docs/spectral/4dec24461f3af-open-api-rules) and proposed new rules will be submitted by the end of the next week. |
|  Issue<br> [#18](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/18)        | **Require used (SI) unit to be specified for data definitions** <br>  The issues can be closed| 

## Issues that can be closed 

Issue [#59](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/59)   **Location of API test definitions**<br> 
Issue [#58](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/58)    **Termination of mobile subscription in relation to notification**<br>
Issue [#18](https://github.com/camaraproject/Commonalities/issues/18)    **Require used (SI) unit to be specified for data definitions** <br>

## PRs that can be merged






## AOB
Next meeting is shifted to 16th of October (the same time).

#### Reminder
In order to be active contributor to the Commonalities subproject the subscribtion to the mailing list is needed - please visit https://lists.camaraproject.org/g/sp-com.

Then the invitation to the Commonalities subproject Github repository will be send to the subscribed e-mail address.
